oh shut up amen you're looking to build
some muscle man you do it's good it's
real good at my Amy spot a cauliflower
cough me sup everybody a man um this
fails to help answer your questions a
lot quicker I mean a lot of times the
questions you guys are asking our page
and sort of emails we've already did
videos on several videos on yeah so like
if you got a question right Oh male
enhancement to make your mushroom to
bigger stronger and more Bouska all you
gotta do man is type in a search there
is a search box at the very top of a
page and then there's a search box right
beside the main video and I trying to
type in twinmuscleworkout mushroom tip
it has right our video is going to pop
up from prolab you know something you
can take to make your mushroom tip more
vascular more stiffer it stronger gonna
make the tip get nice and swollen yeah
for your female friend if you got a
question about how to build a huge
tik-tok are huge just get the fuck out
of the damn way man all you gotta do is
go in either search box type in
twinmuscleworkout how to build a huge
chest or bench sa exact this chess
excite if you want to know how to build
huge legs twinmuscleworkout court or
twinmuscleworkout legging thing but a
shop no I'm saying so that's your to
office at the very top of the page type
just put it in twinmuscleworkout and the
topic you're looking for or go to the
law on our main page on our main channel
right beside our featured video as a
little search box you can type right
above all our videos yeah yeah you can
type in a topic you're looking for you
could have a question about creatine its
type in creatine all are creating videos
yeah come on and then whatever question
you got let's do those titles oh this
might be yeah after 15 minutes of that
you
more than likely gonna find what you're
looking for but if you have that 15
minutes after a couple of seconds man
yeah just shut the hell up 15 minutes 10
seconds just depends on complicated the
thing you're looking for if your
questions not answered after that then
this is what you can do we may answer
you in a video response but this looks
you need to do all right reading these
fucking emails and got old right these
big fucking paragraph email so just what
would you want you to do a one to two
minute video upload that video on your
channel as a you know put the video is
private and dance in it to me after you
upload the videos private you just got
going to the Edit information section of
your video and then you can send a bit
of whoever you want a city you just send
it to 20 muscle workout and if you do
that you know we probably gonna use your
video in the video watch the show your
fucking face asking the question if you
if you don't want us to show your face
just say that is no in a bit of eight
man nowhere in this fucking video I give
you a right to show my fucking a good
face you can use the audio but I bet not
see my fucking face in that fucking
video if I see my fucking face that
video I will be fucking pissed yeah so
if you don't want to use your face we'll
just use your audio yeah just make it
clear and you know what answers some
questions when you do this video how
long you been working out and shit like
that what if it is gonna be like one or
two minutes yeah make it shit real
fucking short and sweet and straight to
the point here don't there's only in a
damn video bullshit talking about you
two halves of ass last night and you
squirt it skin it muchly shut the hell
up so hopefully we can answer your
questions and if we get the the video
and we think it's a goodness topic to
talk about it talk about it yeah and if
we don't feel like it's a good enough
question will respond back and say fuck
off this question with Lena shit yeah
but I ate all this is just advice guys
get your questions answered you know not
even do them just joke know if if we're
gonna do a video on it until your beer
response will give you a link to one of
our videos to answer your question yeah
but hey this is all just a
I suppose for you guys you know just
help you guys my fact if you haven't
already seen that other video tmw says
WTF what the fuck you need to watch it
out cause I've read some comments some
you guys definite fucking piss me off so
go look at that video tmw says WTF WTF
stands for what the fuck tmw stands for
20 months work out check that video but
all this is just advice fellas do over
the fuck you wanna do
you